Speaker Notes for Field Shorthand (#198)
google/comprehensive-rust: src/structs/field-shorthand.md

    println!("{peter:?}");
}
```

<details>
 Key Points: 
    

> * This slide illustrates short-hand syntax, by initiating the fields in a struct with similar-named variables. 

Reviewer: Can you make this text more direct? Please try to elaborate on the text in the slide instead of reformulating it.

}
```

> <details>

Reviewer: Hmm, why did we move the `<details>` start tag down? The page becomes very large now.

    }
}
```

* Methods are defined in the `impl` block.
* Use struct update syntax to define a new structure using `peter`. Note that the variable `peter` will no longer be accessible afterwards.

> * Note, you can use `{:#?}` while printing structs to change the readability of the output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use `{:#?}` when printing structs to request the `Debug` representation.
```

}
```
    

<details>

> * Point out the syntax that is used inside the `new` function. To show a comparison you can also rewrite the struct definition using non-shorthand syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: It seems to me that this bullet point doesn't say anything new — at this point, students have already seen a method or two.

> * The `impl` block is where the boilerplate functions are defined. Later slides talk about methods in more detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Methods are defined in the `impl` block.
```

> * Use function update syntax to define a new structure using `peter`. Note that the variable `peter` will no longer be accessible afterwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use struct update syntax to define a new structure using `peter`. Note that the variable `peter` will no longer be accessible afterwards.
```

I'm not sure why we're showing the students that here instead of earlier? This page is really just about the shorthand syntax.
